Feat(ceph guide):  update ceph acl ip (#7792)
ovh/docs: pages/storage_and_backup/block_storage/cloud_disk_array/ceph_create_an_ip_acl/guide.en-gb.md

---
title: IP ACL creation
excerpt: This guide shows you how to create an IP ACL to allow access to your ceph cluster.

> updated: 2025-0E-26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updated: 2025-04-25
```

---

## Objective

> This guide shows you how to create an IP ACL to allow access to your ceph cluster., using the OVHcloud Control Panel or the OVHcloud API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to create an IP ACL to allow access to your Ceph cluster, using the OVHcloud Control Panel or the OVHcloud API.
```

## Requirements

- A [Cloud Disk Array](/links/storage/cloud-disk-array) solution
- Access to the [OVHcloud Control Panel](/links/manager) or to the [OVHcloud API](/links/api)

## Instructions

> [!primary]
>
> Using the OVHcloud Control Panel is the easiest way to create an IP ACL.
>

### Using the OVHcloud Control Panel

> First, log into your [OVHcloud Control Panel](/links/manager) and click on `Bare Metal Cloud`{.action}. In the section called `STORAGE AND BACKUPS`, then on the `Cloud Disk Array`{.action} service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, log in to your [OVHcloud Control Panel](/links/manager) and click on `Bare Metal Cloud`{.action}. In the section called `STORAGE AND BACKUPS`, click the `Cloud Disk Array`{.action} service.
```

Here you'll find the existing ACL in `IP access control`{.action}, by default there is no ACL.

> ![Ceph pools](images/ceph-add-ip-1.png){.thumbnail}

Reviewer: This screenshot should be cropped, to avoid the left panel being shown. The path you described above is correct as aligned with the new navigation, but the screenshot is misleading
